hello dear friends but fast
died okay and foxes, and today we
there will be such a small informational
video i just want to tell you about
one of my favorite plants
now is the end of May and we have blossomed
white acacia
it is a very healing plant from it
very tasty tea is obtained and in general
every year i prepare myself for the winter
I will tell a little acacia now how I am
do and then tell you how her
use later for medicinal purposes or
just for fun and so here's my
acacia
she looks like this and her
leaves
I think everyone knows acacia all
know very well how wonderful she is
it smells
I collect it in the morning and preferably her
collect in the period when she only
blossomed even if the floor is uncool
flowers here like this nothing
scary everything is good for drying and and
just laid out on a piece of paper
before that it is not necessary to wash we will
wash it later when it is dry and
immediately before use
can all these flowers be separately
tear and lay like this but
it's not so convenient much more comfortable when
she is already dry these leaves and flowers
pick and put in a jar or whatever it is
will keep like this my
Acacia will dry for several days
only you must be aware that she
not lying in the sun should in the shade
dry
and I have washed two twigs already and made from
them tea is now warm water for me
locations in his tea we need water on
stage boiling so-called white key
This is when the water has not had time to boil but
and bottom wall has the ware
actively bubble up and its temperature into it
time is about 8590 degrees
I place our sprigs of acacia teapot to them
I will fill
here and if you fill
dry flowers location then you are a little bit
fill with hot water first and through
couple of seconds drain this water this way
you wash your location and then
pour boiling water and leave
tune in for 10 minutes may 15
ok, now I will talk about
the beneficial properties of acacia first
turn
Acacia is the only tree that
doesn't rot in the water all thanks to his
antibacterial properties very strongly
like trees on such flowers and leaves of bark
Here is the substance that kill
bacteria that's why acacia is helpful
for any inflammatory
diseases you can drink tea with honey when
cold of course is very good acacia
helps with urolithiasis and
kidney disease as well as acacia
this is a very female tree back in the long-standing
times young girls who are just
got married
went to the acacia ask let's say
blessing on having children and it is not
just because thanks to acacia you can
cure many female diseases
that is, female genital diseases
such as cervical erosion
so how do we take one
a tablespoon of acacia flowers can be
dry can be fresh what we are you
will be poured with one glass of boiling water and
reserve at 100
given somewhere one step but this
infusion filter and takes three times
per day 1 tablespoon before meals
so you need to do about a month and
parallel do another infusion to the floor
liters of boiling water also take one dining room
a spoonful of flowers of acacia fill and leave
insist
when the water is already pleasantly lukewarm
used for douching here's how
once a half liter is enough for one
procedure
do 10 douching procedures each
day and over the course of the month we drink three
times a day here this infusion and erosion
cervix can thus be cured
Acacia also helps with infertility, even
I have not really calculated in
There are many cases on the Internet when people
praise really helped them precisely
we drink a woman as tea we take a dining room
a spoonful of fresh acacia flowers or dry
fill
such white key as i showed and
drink tea before meals for two months
this tea then two months doing
break
then drink two months again and two again
months break and drink such cycles
Acacia until I get pregnant
here or another option you can do
infusion of acacia flowers is well
suitable for those who use
alcohol for medicinal purposes so here we take
1 tablespoon of flowers
again dry or fresh and pour
300 grams of vodka insist it all
two weeks in a warm dark place
probably in the bank to fill and cover
lid occasionally need
shake this infusion to
mixed then it needs to be filtered and
take three times a day for one
tablespoon of water and drip 20 drops
this tincture before meals accept a spoon
here is such a medicine
if you accept tincture then one month
take one month break 1 month
accepted and so on again, not yet
pick not the same acacia helps
it helps to calm down
headaches
my videos are now directed to
You have noticed the acacia and taken into account
because really she is very
useful and the tweet is obtained from it very
only delicious it has
contraindications
this pregnancy and breastfeeding
during this period it is better not to take acacia
but good about you now
show you what he looks like he means
it turns out quite light
almost white with very delicate and fragrant
tasteful and very tasty to bite with
Medcom best course acacia you well
that's all i wish you health and everything
good
be happy bye